CHANGELOG for the gdb-server fixes (#237)
probe-rs/probe-rs: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

>  - Fix a bug in the gdb-server that causes it to never halt after a continue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed a bug in the gdb-server that causes it to never halt after a continue.
```

>  - Fix that the gdb-server always draws 100 % core usage from the one it's running on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue where the gdb-server would always use 100 % cpu time of the core it's running on.
```
